 | # # # Distribution Statement A. Approved for public release. Distribution unlimited.
 | # # #
 | # # # Author:
 | # # # Naval Research Laboratory, Marine Meteorology Division
 | # # #
 | # # # This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
 | # # # the terms of the NRLMMD License included with this program. This program is
 | # # # distributed WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
 | # # # MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the included license
 | # # # for more details. If you did not receive the license, for more information see:
 | # # # https://github.com/U-S-NRL-Marine-Meteorology-Division/

Version 1.12.1 (2024-02-15)
***************************

* Installation updates

  * Call build.py from pyproject.toml
  * Install fortran_utils from pyproject.toml
  * Ensure libraries are copied to the correct locations
  * Remove setup.sh
* Documentation updates

  * Update to standard CHANGELOG.rst
  * Add build_docs.sh call from test_all
* Add release note for v1.12.1


Installation Updates
====================

Call build.py from pyproject.toml, and ensure libraries are in correct locations
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Ensure build.py returns non-zero if the make fails!  Otherwise pip will think
it completed successfully!

Also ensure pyproject.toml includes "numpy" as build dependency for fortran-based
builds!


::

  modified: pyproject.toml
  new: build.py
  removed: setup.sh

Documentation Updates
=====================

Add build_docs.sh call to test_all.sh
-------------------------------------

Also update to standard CHANGELOG.rst

::

  modified: test_all.sh
  modified: CHANGELOG.rst

Release Process
===============

Add release note for v1.12.1
----------------------------

*From GEOIPS#458: 2024-02-09, 1.12.1 release*

All updates until the next release (v1.12.1) will be included in
this release note.

::

  modified: docs/source/releases/v1.12.1.rst
  modified: docs/source/releases/index.rst
